Privacy Policy - Gizlilik Politikası (Omni Word)
Omni Word was built by MarioTrGames as a Free app. This SERVICE is provided by MarioTrGames at no cost and is intended for use as is.

This page is used to inform visitors regarding my policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use my Service.

1. Information Collection and Use
For a better experience, while using our Service, I may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information, including but not limited to:

Advertising ID (Ad-ID)

Device ID

Device Information (Model, OS version, etc.)

The information requested will be retained on your device and is collected by third-party services used by the app to identify your device for advertising and analytics purposes.

2. Third-Party Services
The app utilizes third-party services that may collect information used to identify you. Below are the links to the privacy policies of the third-party service providers used by Omni Word:

Google Play Services

AdMob (Google’s advertising platform)

3. Log Data
I want to inform you that whenever you use my Service, in the case of an error in the app, I collect data and information (through third-party products) on your phone called Log Data. This may include:

Device IP address and name

Operating system version

The configuration of the app at the time of the error

Time and date of your use, and other statistics.

4. Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third-party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services.

5. Security and Data Encryption
I value your trust in providing us your Personal Information. All data collected (such as Advertising IDs) is transmitted over secure connections (HTTPS) and is encrypted in transit. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means of protecting your information, remember that no method of transmission over the internet is 100% secure.

6. Children’s Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. I do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. If I discover that a child under 13 has provided me with personal information, I immediately delete this from our servers.

7. Changes to This Privacy Policy
I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. You are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

Effective Date: 2026-01-30

8. Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about the Privacy Policy for Omni Word, do not hesitate to contact me at: Email: mustfgncc@gmail.com
